c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\WebApplication11.dll.config
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\WebApplication11.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\WebApplication11.pdb
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Breeze.ContextProvider.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Breeze.ContextProvider.EF6.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Breeze.WebApi2.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Breeze.ContextProvider.pdb
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Breeze.ContextProvider.xml
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Breeze.ContextProvider.EF6.pdb
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Breeze.ContextProvider.EF6.xml
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Breeze.WebApi2.pdb
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Breeze.WebApi2.xml
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\obj\Debug\WebApplication11.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\obj\Debug\WebApplication11.dll
c:\users\spiros\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication11\WebApplication11\obj\Debug\WebApplication11.pdb
